[IMP] VoIP: Combine VoIP Actions Docs (#12596)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/voip/voip_widget.rst

To call the customer related to a scheduled activity, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)`
icon. Click the :icon:`fa-keyboard-o` :guilabel:`(keyboard)` icon to dial another number.

> Add a call to the Next Activities tab

Reviewer: Total nitpick, but since we prioritize documenting actions, I don't think it's necessary to specify that we're doing this in the Next Activities tab.
```suggestion
Add a call
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To add a call to the :guilabel:`Next activities` tab, click the green :icon:`fa-phone`

Reviewer: If we have to be in the CRM app to add the person to the tab, let's instruct the reader to go there first, before clicking the green phone icon (:

In fact, let's be overly specific for the users who are unfamiliar with VoIP. Let's tell them to go to the CRM app, and open the VOIP widget. Then, tell them to hover over the intended opportunity, and click the phone icon that appears.

> :guilabel:`(phone)` icon, while in Kanban view of the **CRM** application.

Reviewer: I'm not too sure about what this icon is. Is it this?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9de23680-b546-4a24-8362-8e1ac160d397)

Asking because I didn't see this opportunity get added to the Next Activities tab

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18baad93-46de-4c75-8855-e4f66b57cd9b)

Reviewer: Looks like the runbot wasn't working because i could add it this time!

To call the customer related to a scheduled activity, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)`
icon. Click the :icon:`fa-keyboard-o` :guilabel:`(keyboard)` icon to dial another number.

Add a call
~~~~~~~~~~

> From the database home page, click :menuselection:`CRM app` and make sure it is open to the Kanban

Reviewer: (Optional) Just being very specific about which page we're on (:
```suggestion
From the database home page, click :menuselection:`CRM app`. On the :guilabel:`Pipeline`, make sure it is open to the Kanban
```

it is open to the Kanban view. Next, near the top of the screen, click the :icon:`oi-voip`
:guilabel:`VoIP` icon and make sure the |VOIP| widget is opened to the :guilabel:`Next Activites`
tab. After that, hover over the opportunity that should have a call and click the :icon:`fa-phone`
:guilabel:`(phone)` with the small green :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`plus` icon.

.. image:: voip_widget/add-call.png
   :alt: A sales opportunity with the option to add a call to the VoIP widget.

To remove a call from the :guilabel:`Next activities` tab, hover over the opportunity that has a
call scheduled, and click the red :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon that appears with the

> :guilabel:`- (minus)` icon.

Reviewer 2: Please update to use the :icon: :)
```suggestion
:icon:`fa-minus` :guilabel:`(minus)` icon.
```

When receiving calls in Odoo, the |VOIP| widget rings, and displays a notification. To close the
widget, click the :icon:`oi-close` :guilabel:`(close)` icon in the upper-right of the widget's
screen.

.. note::
   The |VOIP| number is the one provided by Axivox. It can be accessed by navigating to
   `https://manage.axivox.com/ <https://manage.axivox.com/>`_. After logging into the portal, go to
   :menuselection:`Users --> Outgoing number` (column).

Transfer a phone call
---------------------

Manually transfering a call only happens when on a call. to transfer a call within the |VOIP|
widget, first, answer the call using the green :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon.

Once the incoming call is answered, click the :icon:`fa-arrows-h` :guilabel:`(left-right arrows)`
icon. Then, enter the extension of the user the call should be forwarded to. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Transfer` to route the call to that phone number.

.. tip::
   To find the extension for a user, consult the |VOIP| administrator. If the user has
   :guilabel:`Administration` access rights set to :guilabel:`Settings`, find extensions by going to

>    :menuselection:`Settings App --> Manage Users --> Select the user --> Preferences --> VOIP -->

Reviewer: We typically use `menuselection` only when navigating through headings and dropdown menus. Since "Manage Users" is a button rather than part of a menu path, let’s adjust the phrasing to reflect that.  

While testing, I noticed there the Preferences tab wasn't used. Instead, we went to the "VoIP" (with a lowercase "o") tab. Being detail-oriented about button names, tab labels, and other UI elements (yes, even with the capitalization!) is  crucial to avoid confusion for users.
 
Here’s a suggestion for how we could rephrase this:   

```suggestion
   :menuselection:`Settings app` and click the :icon:`[icon for the arrow]` :guilabel:`Manage Users` button. Select the user, and go to the :guilabel:`VoIP` tab. Then, in the :guilabel:`VoIP username` field...
```
Also:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/315bae97-9515-4d67-9844-a49597f2924d)

  Then, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon to redial the last called contact.
- Click the :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` icon, located in the top-right of the navigation bar.
  Then, search for a specific contact's name or go to the :guilabel:`Contacts` tab. Then, select the
  contact and click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon.

When receiving calls in Odoo, the |VOIP| widget rings, and displays a notification. To close the
widget, click the :icon:`oi-close` :guilabel:`(close)` icon in the upper-right of the widget's
screen.

.. note::
   The |VOIP| number is the one provided by Axivox. It can be
   accessed by navigating to `https://manage.axivox.com/ <https://manage.axivox.com/>`_. After
   logging into the portal, go to :menuselection:`Users --> Outgoing number` (column).

Transfer a phone call
---------------------

In |VOIP|, calls can be transferred between users only after answering the call. Otherwise,
transfers must be done automatically via the provider console/portal.

To transfer a call within the |VOIP| widget, first, answer the call using the green :icon:`fa-phone`
:guilabel:`(phone)` icon.

> Once the incoming call is answered, click the :icon:`fa-arrows-h` :guilabel:`(left-right arrows)`

Author: @jero-odoo for when you're reviewing: Vale wants this to be `Expand All` but that doesn't fit in the context of what this button is. I talked in person with @Felicious and we decided this route, but please weigh in if you think of something better!
